# Automation
This is a Automation Repo for Dgraph including Slash.

## Table of Contents

* [Framework Setup](#framework-setup)
    * [Execution Commands](#execution-commands)
* [Framework Structure](#framework-structure)
  * [conf](#config)
  * [doc](#doc)
  * [lib](#lib)
  * [resources](#resources)
  * [results](#results)
  * [test_data](#test_data)
  * [test_suites](#test_suites)
  * [utilities](#utilities)
  * [backup](#backup)
* [Docs generation](#docs-generation)
* [Common Problems](#common-Problems)


# Framework Setup
* Goto utils-> run `python env_setup.py -l Dgraph` || `python env_setup.py -l Slash` in the terminal to install all the dependencies related to the perticular library.

## Execution Commands:
* To run the suite `robot -d results test_suites/dgraph/Linux/dgraph_suite.robot`
* To pass arguments from terminal `robot -d results -v rdf_file:2million.rdf.gz -v schema_file:testschema.schema test_suites/dgraph/Linux/dgraph_suite.robot`

- [x] results are stored under results
- [x] backup and restore are defaulted to "backup/" directory
- [x] test data is present under test_data/datasets

# Framework Structure:
*   ##  conf:
    * Contains the configurations requuired in the test suite or test cases.
    * Test Case arguments are declared over here.
*   ## doc:
    * Contains all the  documents for generated lib keywords.

*   ## lib:
    * Contains the custom keywords defined for the Dgraph and Slash.
    * Slash Selenium Library - Selenium Client calls for all the UI operations like click,sendkeys etc are handled here.
        * use `Library SlashSeleniumClient`
    * Slash UI Library - Custom keywords realted to handling the browser also for organizing the locators and custom reusable actions related to slash are handled here.
        * use `Library Slash`
    * RequestHandler - handles the request calls for performing backup (will be updated based on dgraph request calls).
        * use `Library  Dgrpah`

*   ##  resources:
    * Contains the resuable keywords for the Dgraph and Slash.
        * dgraph_commands.robot <- all the reusable keywords build using build-in and external keywords for the test cases go here.

*   ##  results:
    * Contians all the results generated by the test suite execution.
    * Folder created by zero, alpha, restore and bulk are stored over here.
    * All the log files generated as part of execution are stored here.

*   ##  test_data:
    * Test data required for the execution for backup, live loading and bulk are stored here.

*   ##  test_suites:
    * Test Suites for Dgraph and Slash are stored here.
    * test_suites/dgraph/Linux/ contains the main execution test suite
        * draph_suite.robot
    * test_suites/sample_test_cases holds the code creation data.
        * backup_suite.robot - for all the backup realted operations
        * liveloader_suite.robot - for all the live loader realted operations.
        * dd_test.robot - for any new implementations of robot-framework.
        * bulkloader.robot - for all the test cases related to bulk
*   ##  utilities:
    * Contains the initial Setup for the framework.

*   ## backup:
    * dir to store the backup files created from live and bulk loading.

#### Docs generation:
* run the command `python3 -m robot.libdoc Dgraph doc/Dgraph.html`.

#### Common Problems:
* While creating External Library.
    * make sure the file name and python class name are same. for reference check the file at `lib/external_keywords/Dgraph_Lib/Dgraph/keywords/Dgraph/dgraph.py`
* Incase of any error while executing backup
    * make sure backup folder is present in the root folder.

